# Fuze

Fuze is a command-line tool (CLI) for generating the base structure of Hono projects.

## Features

The only structure implemented so far is the `routes` folder, which creates three base files:

- `handler.ts`: Handles the logic for the route.
- `router.ts`: Defines the route paths and links them to the handlers.
- `index.ts`: Exports all modules in the folder.

## Installation

This project uses `bun` as the JavaScript runtime and package manager.

To install `bun`, see the [bun repository](https://bun.sh/).

### Installing Dependencies

To install the dependencies, run:

```bash
bun install
```

## Usage

### Creating a New Route Structure

To create a new route structure, use the following command:

```bash
fuze create <name> <path>
```

- `<name>`: The name of the route.
- `<path>`: The path where the route structure will be created.

### Commands Yet to Be Implemented

- `fuze new`: Create a new Hono project scaffold.
- Test coverage for builds.

## Running the Project

To run the project in development mode, execute:

```bash
bun run dev
```

## Building the Project

To build the project, execute:

```bash
bun run build
```

To clean the build directory, execute:

```bash
bun run clean
```

## Testing

To run the tests, execute:

```bash
bun test
```

## Folder Structure

Below is the default folder structure generated by `fuze`:

```
project-root/
├── src/
|   ├── routes/
|   |   ├── <route-name>/
|   |   |  ├── <route-name>.handler.ts
│   │   |  ├── <route-name>.router.ts
│   │   |  |── <route-name>.index.ts
│   |   └── ...
├── tests/
├── bun.lockb
├── package.json
└── README.md
```

## Contributing

If you wish to contribute to the project, please see the [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) file for more information.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
